I don't know.
I thought I heard someone I knew.
What's wrong?
Oh.
See those beautiful puppies out there?
See, the man named Ip Chen.
He will come in later, and no matter what you buy, you must sell it to him.
Especially the seven trees you're talking about.
What the fuck ass?
If he wants you to give it to him, give it to him.
Do you understand?
Guys, remember to play the empty-handed routine.
About the cave
Especially that kid named Nie Chen.
Into death.
Okay, young master must have done it for you.
Slow down.
The young man couldn't do it.
I'll do it.
If you want to be full of gold.
What does 80% have to do with it?
This camp is a farm.
Looks exactly the same.
A vacation
A time of admiration.
Hum, hum, at that point they're going to turn you into a dog.
Hahaha, what do you two want?